profile/README.md, before:

# Ruby Development


## Who we are:

We are a team of young developers and artists who love the popular voxel game Minecraft.
In particular, the PvP aspect of the game. Thats what this organization is about.


## What is your Client about?
Our client is primarily based on the popular Minecraft Multiplayer server, [JartexNetwork](https://jartexnetwork.com).
There are barely any Clients that provide a good experience for cracked users. And, above all, provide free items and loot!
Our client has free rewards you can win by doing various tasks, such as play for a certain amount of time.

## Who is on the team?

Our team currently consists of:

## Josh
Josh is one of the main developers, having thought of the idea together with Liam and Wiggels.
He's been playing Minecraft ever since it released, on all kinds of different devices, including Xbox 360 and Mobile.

## Liam
Hello, my name is Liam and let me explain my job here at RubyDevelopment. I am the organiser of this, I directly work within the Management Team of RubyDevelopment and make sure that tasks are being completed as well as working on the RubyClient Discord bot. My main job within this organisation is the development of the Ruby Client application.
My knowledge regarding Minecraft is about 8 years old, I have been playing this game around half the time I have walked this earth, I have been coding for almost the past 3 years and is what I enjoy the most out of this game, as I am able to make things based around this game.

## Wiggels
Wiggels is the teams designer, working on all the graphical aspects, and doing a little bit of developing on the side.
Write the rest here :)

Commit message:

Updated my bit to make it better and cooler than Liams
Also added Important Links bit

profile/README.md, after:

# Ruby Development


## Who we are:

We are a team of young developers and artists who love the popular voxel game Minecraft.
In particular, the PvP aspect of the game. Thats what this organization is about.


## What is your Client about?
Our client is primarily based on the popular Minecraft Multiplayer server, [JartexNetwork](https://jartexnetwork.com).
There are barely any Clients that provide a good experience for cracked users. And, above all, provide free items and loot!
Our client has free rewards you can win by doing various tasks, such as play for a certain amount of time.

## Important Links
Discord: https://discord.gg/MXZ3YTvJQH
Website https://comingsoon.tm

## Who is on the team?

Our team currently consists of:

## Josh
Hello, my name is Josh. My primary job within this orginazation is to develop and release new updates of the Minecraft client. I am part of the upper Management Team, working directly with Liam and Wiggels to provide the best experience for our users, and giving my vote on important events and updates we wish to implement. I've been developing for around 4 years now, beginning with Discord Bots written in Python, to making Spigot Plugins in Java, which I still actively do, and since 2022, developing Minecraft Clients in Java. I've had roughly 11 years of experience with Minecraft, which is quite a lot, given the fact it is 3 quarters of my life. My plans for the future are to learn C#, JavaScript and Rust.

## Liam
Hello, my name is Liam. Let me explain my job here at RubyDevelopment. I am the organiser of this organization, I directly work within the Management Team of RubyDevelopment and make sure that tasks are being completed as well as working on the RubyClient Discord bot. My main job within this organisation is the development of the Ruby Client application.
My knowledge regarding Minecraft is about 8 years old, I have been playing this game around half the time I have walked this earth, I have been coding for almost the past 3 years and is what I enjoy the most out of this game, as I am able to make things based around this game.

## Wiggels
Wiggels is the teams designer, working on all the graphical aspects, and doing a little bit of developing on the side.
Write the rest here :)
